Feedback on synopsis 

Before I could write my synopsis, I had to find the subject I wanted to write about. I thought this was quite difficult, because there are so many possibilities, and so many different approaches to each topic. I had thought about it a lot, but I hadn’t quite figured out what specific topic I wanted to address. I knew that I wanted to write about some sort of surveillance by websites, but not how I wanted to approach this. I wasn’t the only one who struggled with finding the right subjects, therefor my study group arranged a meeting where we discussed this. 
First, we went through all the texts we had read in class, and we sorted these into different categories, for example, we have a category called “fun in software” and one called “language”. For each category, we came up with a list of different topics we could write about. In addition to this we came up with our own categories, and discussed how these could be approached. We talked about the ideas we already had, and we helped each other by raising different questions to these. This group discussion helped set on a category, surveillance, and it also helped me to come up with a couple of topics I wanted to write about. I had a clearer vision about my exam paper after this meet up. 

After this I still had some trouble coming up with a specific topic. I thought it could be interesting to write a paper criticizing, or looking at the critic google is getting, especially because we heard a lot of people address this at transmediale 2018. But after a lot of research I found out that it was really hard to understand the problems these people have with google, so I dropped my idea. 
After this I came up with some more topics, but changed my mind after a day of researching. I remember that it was really frustrating that I couldn’t find a topic that I really wanted to write about, that at same time was easy to find relevant information and articles about. At some point, I was on some website, and I was asked if a accepted that the page used cookies, and then it just came to me; I wanted to write about cookies. I started researching the subject, and looking for a way to approach it. When I wrote my synopsis I still was sure how I exactly wanted to approach it, so I kept my synopsis fairly open. 

When giving feedback in our group, I told my group about my problems, and also explained that my uncertainty had taken up a lot of time, and I therefor hadn’t read as many sources as I wanted to. This they also mentioned in the feedback, when that said that my sources were mostly describing cookies, and I needed some more academic articles in my source list. 
  
I want to be critic about cookies in my exam paper, and my group really liked this approach, so I am holding on to it. I also got positive feedback on the way I want to work with my subject after submitting the synopsis, and this just reconfirmed for me, that I am on the right track. 

From this I learned that even through you are writing and individual assignment, it is really helpful to discuss it with people who is also writing the assignment, even though they don’t right about the same topic as you. It really helped that we met and talked before we choose a subject, and this I can definitely see myself doing again the next time we have to write a bigger paper.  
